pay off the
total interest, excluding the principal. A special
discount of $56,000
means you can get two more Apple Vision Pros.
Congratulations! The
minimum payment
can only take you to heaven for a short time.
What is the actual cost? The
interest will push you into the depths of hell.  There is
no way back,
so you must pay on time.
If you don't owe any money,
you are smart.
In fact, the
largest source of income for credit card companies is interest, which accounts
for 56%. There are
also annual fees,
overdue fines, etc.
Two-thirds of the income comes
from consumers themselves,
that is, us, the credit card holders. The
remaining small part of the income
comes from the merchants themselves.
In addition to this,
credit cards also use a
method that seems to have nothing to do with money to make money,